removed use of installation tab (#1778)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: securing_apps/topics/docker/docker-overview.adoc

.Procedure

>  1. From the desired realm, create a client configuration. At this point you won't have a Docker registry - the quickstart will take care of that part.
>  2. Choose the "Docker Compose YAML" option from the from _Action_ menu and select the *Download adapter config* option and download the .zip file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. From the desired realm, create a client configuration. At this point you will not have a Docker registry - the quickstart will take care of that part.
 2. Choose the "Docker Compose YAML" option from the from _Action_ menu and select the *Download adapter config* option to download the ZIP file.
```
